
--- PAGE 1 ---
Department Name Teacher Name Designation
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Tanzima Hashem Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Muhammad Masroor Ali Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Md. Saidur Rahman Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Md. Monirul Islam Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Md. Mostofa Akbar Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Abu Sayed Md. Latiful Hoque Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Mohammad Mahfuzul Islam Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. A.K.M. Ashikur Rahman Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Mahmuda Naznin Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. A. B. M. Alim Al Islam Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Anindya Iqbal Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Rifat Shahriyar Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Muhammad Abdullah Adnan Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Mohammad Saifur Rahman Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Md. Shamsuzzoha Bayzid Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Atif Hasan Rahman Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Sadia Sharmin Associate Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Abu Wasif Associate Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Sukarna Barua Associate Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Md. Shariful Islam Bhuyan Associate Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Rezwana Reaz Associate Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Tanveer Awal Assistant Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Khaled Mahmud Shahriar Assistant Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Ch. Md. Rakin Haider Assistant Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Tahmid Hasan Assistant Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Dr. Novia Nurain Assistant Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Ishrat Jahan Assistant Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Junaed Younus Khan Assistant Professor
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Md. Nurul Muttakin Assistant Professor
--- PAGE 2 ---
Department of Computer Science and Engineering A.K.M. Mehedi Hasan Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Abdur Rashid Tushar Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Kowshic Roy Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Saem Hasan Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Md. Emamul Haque Pranta Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Ahmed Mahir Sultan Rumi Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Rabib Jahin Ibn Momin Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Abdur Rafi Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Anwarul Bashir Shuaib Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Shattik Islam Rhythm Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Mohammad Sadat Hossain Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Nafis Tahmid Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Md. Ashrafur Rahman Khan Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Md. Roqunuzzaman Sojib Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Niaz Rahman Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Mahir Labib Dihan Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Anik Saha Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Abdullah Muhammed Amimul Ehsan Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Md. Irtiaz Kabir Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Swastika Pandit Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Anup Halder Joy Lecturer
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Md Zim Mim Siddiqee Sowdha Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Saifur Rahman Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Shafiqul Islam Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Kamrul Hasan Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Aynal Haque Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. A. B. M. Harun-Ur-Rashid Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Sharif Mohammad Mominuzzaman Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Mohammad Jahangir Alam Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Shah Alam Professor
--- PAGE 3 ---
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Ziaur Rahman Khan Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Mohammed Imamul Hassan Bhuiyan Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Shaikh Anowarul Fattah Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Nasim Ahmed Dewan Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. S. M. Mahbubur Rahman Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Muhammad Anisuzzaman Talukder Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Mohammad Ariful Haque Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Abdul Hasib Chowdhury Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Farseem Mannan Mohammedy Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Mohammad Faisal Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Samia Subrina Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Forkan Uddin Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Lutfa Akter Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Kawsar Alam Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Zahurul Islam Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Shamim Reza Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Apratim Roy Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Mahbub Alam Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Hafiz Imtiaz Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Ahmed Zubair Associate Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Shaikh Asif Mahmood Associate Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Hamidur Rahman Associate Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Asiful Islam Associate Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Sajid Muhaimin Choudhury Associate Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Muhammad Abdullah Arafat Associate Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Ehsanur Rahman Associate Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Yeasir Arafat Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Nadim Chowdhury Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Orchi Hassan Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Maruf Ahmed Assistant Professor
--- PAGE 4 ---
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Hadiur Rahman Khan Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Irfan Khan Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Asikur Rahman Jowel Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Iftekharul Islam Emon Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Nafis Sadik Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dr. Md. Mohsinur Rahman Adnan Assistant Professor
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Sadman Sakib Ahbab Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Sadat Tahmeed Azad Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Md. Jawad Ul Islam Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Md. Ehsanul Karim Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Tanushri Medha Kundu Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Rafid Hassan Palash Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Khairul Islam Lecturer
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering Md. Kamrul Hasan Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. A. B. M. Badruzzaman Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Md. Zakaria Ahmed Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Md. Abdul Jalil Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Ishtiaque Ahmed Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Hasib Mohammed Ahsan Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Sarwar Jahan Md. Yasin Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Moazzem Hossain Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Eqramul Hoque Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Bashir Ahmed Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Khan Mahmud Amanat Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Mehedi Ahmed Ansary Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Md. Shamsul Hoque Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Tahmeed M. Al-Hussaini Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Md. Mafizur Rahman Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Abdul Jabbar Khan Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Syed Ishtiaq Ahmad Professor
--- PAGE 5 ---
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Md. Mizanur Rahman Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Mohammad Shariful Islam Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Mahbuba Begum Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Tanvir Manzur Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Md. Hadiuzzaman Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Mohammad Al Amin Siddique Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Tanvir Ahmed Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Shameem Ahmed Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Shohel Rana Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Nazrul Islam Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Sheikh Mokhlesur Rahman Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Md. Jahangir Alam Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Annesha Enam Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Dr. M. Neaz Murshed Associate Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Ahmed Farhan Ahnaf Siddique Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Sumaiya Afrose Suma Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Sk. Rakibul Islam Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Md. Amin Al Noor Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Saidis Salekin Aninda Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Tazwar Bakhtiyar Zahid Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Mahbubah Ahmed Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Nishatee Binte Shahid Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Subashish Kundu Sunny Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Shantanu Paul Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Mirza Md. Nazmus Sakib Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Meftahul Ahsan Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Zahid Hasan Prince Assistant Professor
Department of Civil Engineering Md. Imran Hossain Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Sameeha Islam Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Rabeya Akter Sukhi Lecturer
--- PAGE 6 ---
Department of Civil Engineering Ojashwy Islam Audri Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Jaya Majumder Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Anas Bin Faruque Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Md. Muhtashim Shahrier Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Azmain Mottaqi Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Protiva Sadhukhan Prova Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Alimul Rafi Lecturer
Department of Civil Engineering Kamruzzaman Rahi Lecturer
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Abu Rayhan Md. Ali Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md. Ehsan Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md. Zahurul Haq Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Mohammad Ali Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Shaikh Reaz Ahmed Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. M. Ashiqur Rahman Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md. Afsar Ali Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Mohammad Arif Hasan Mamun Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md. Abdus Salam Akanda Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Mohammad Mamun Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Aloke Kumar Mozumder Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. A. B. M. Toufique Hasan Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Mohammad Nasim Hasan Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. A K M Monjur Morshed Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Mohammad A. Motalab Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md. Ashiqur Rahman Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Sumon Saha Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Kazi Arafat Rahman Associate Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Sheikh Mohammad Shavik Associate Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md Aman Uddin Associate Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Ms. Sanchita Amin Assistant Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Anup Saha Assistant Professor
--- PAGE 7 ---
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md. Rakibul Hasan Roni Assistant Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Md. Omarsany Bappy Assistant Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Md. Imrul Kayes Assistant Professor
Department of Mechanical Engineering Abrar Jahin Lecturer
Department of Mechanical Engineering Abdul Al Mahfuj Lecturer
Department of Mechanical Engineering Dilshad Jahan Ritu Lecturer
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Prianka Binte Zaman Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Ahsan Akhtar Hasin Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. A.K.M Masud Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Abdullahil Azeem Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Sultana Parveen Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Nafis Ahmad Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Nikhil Ranjan Dhar Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Syed Mithun Ali Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Shuva Ghosh Associate Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Ridwan Al Aziz Associate Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Dr. Nafisa Mahbub Assistant Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Nafisa Anzum Sristi Assistant Professor
Department of Industrial & Production Engineering Naimool Islam Lecturer
Department of Biomedical Engineering Dr. Muhammad Tarik Arafat Professor
Department of Biomedical Engineering Dr. Taufiq Hasan Associate Professor
Department of Biomedical Engineering Dr. Jahid Ferdous Assistant Professor
Department of Biomedical Engineering Shoyad Ibn Sabur Khan Nuhash Assistant Professor
Department of Biomedical Engineering Samiul Based Shuvo Assistant Professor
Department of Biomedical Engineering Md. Tazuddin Ahmed Lecturer
Department of Biomedical Engineering Abdullah Al Mamun Lecturer
Department of Biomedical Engineering Samina Nishat Binte Akram Lecturer
Department of Biomedical Engineering Tasnia Binte Mamun Lecturer
Department of Biomedical Engineering Srija Sarker Anannya Lecturer
Department of Biomedical Engineering Sayeed Sajjad Razin Lecturer
--- PAGE 8 ---
Department of Biomedical Engineering Chaity Chakraborty Lecturer
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. A. K. M. Bazlur Rashid Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Md. Aminul Islam Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Md. Moniruzzaman Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Ahmed Sharif Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Fahmida Gulshan Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Kazi Md. Shorowordi Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Mahbub Hasan Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. H. M. Mamun Al Rashed Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Md. Muktadir Billah Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Takian Fakhrul Associate Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Md. Miftaur Rahman Assistant Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Oishy Roy Assistant Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Moniruzzaman Jamal Assistant Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Humayun Kabir Assistant Professor
Department of Materials and Metallurgical Engineering Dr. Muhammad Usama Hasan Assistant Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Dr. Ishrat Islam Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Dr. Meher Nigar Neema Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Dr. Afsana Haque Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Dr. Md. Musleh Uddin Hasan Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Mohammad Shakil Akther Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Neelopal Adri Associate Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Dr. Dipita Hossain Assistant Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Sadia Afroj Assistant Professor
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Meher Afjun Faria Lecturer
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Md Waliullah Lecturer
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Sayeda Laizu Aktar Lecturer
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Nur-E-Faeeza Ankhi Lecturer
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Ahmed Farwa Mahraf Siddique Lecturer
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Tasirul Hasan Lecturer
--- PAGE 9 ---
Department of Urban and Regional Planning Md. Ahnaf Zaman Lecturer
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringDr. Md. Mashud Karim Professor
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringDr. M. Rafiqul Islam Professor
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringDr. Goutam Kumar Saha Professor
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringDr. N. M. Golam Zakaria Professor
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringDr. Md. Shahidul Islam Professor
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringDr. Zobair Ibn Awal Professor
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringShumon Mia Assistant Professor
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringImdadul Haque Lecturer
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringNabiha Tasnim Lecturer
Department of Naval Architecture and Marine EngineeringMiftahul Islam Chowdhury Lecturer
Department of Water Resources Engineering Dr. Md. Ataur Rahman Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Dr. Umme Kulsum Navera Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Muhammad Rezaul Haider Assistant Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Rajib Kamal Assistant Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Mrs. Afeefa Rahman Assistant Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Faisal Mohammad Alvee Assistant Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Mrs. Mushtari Maliha Assistant Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Mrs. Naila Matin Assistant Professor
Department of Water Resources Engineering Shadman Shahariar Lecturer
Department of Water Resources Engineering Nafisa Tasnia Lecturer
Department of Water Resources Engineering Tasmiah Ahsan Lecturer
Department of Water Resources Engineering Sarfaraz Alam Lecturer
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Dr. Md. Fakhrul Islam Professor
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Dr. Md. Abdullah Zubair Professor
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Dr. Muhammad Hasanuzzaman Professor
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Dr. Redwan Noor Sajjad Associate Professor
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Dr. Md. Saiful Islam Associate Professor
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Wahidur Rahman Sajal Assistant Professor
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Syed Muhammad Al Amin Assistant Professor
--- PAGE 10 ---
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Ayesha Akter Lecturer
Department of Nanomaterials and Ceramic Engineering Muhaimen Atiq Khan Lecturer